hi guys Mimi here I have been asked to
show you guys how I wrap my hair and so
you know I kind of cheat because I've
tried doing it a ton of different ways
and I just get really frustrated I don't
have time to be fussing with this so
what I do is I take my scarf and I fold
it in half kind like this make sure it's
a big scarf you're gonna need a hair tie
it's my secret I guess and so what I do
is I put it on my head behind my ears
and then I pull I take my hair tie
and I pull it through just like a
ponytail then what I do is I twist my
scarf
I twist until it starts to naturally
start to turn then I basically twist it
and then I take the tail
and then pull it through the center and
then I just tuck it away
then I just adjust the front put any
stray hairs away and that's it and you
can do the same exact thing if you want
the button in the front or the bun on
the side or it doesn't really matter
honestly you could just kind of twist it
which is usually how I wear it a little
bit to the side that's all that I do
it's really simple just make sure you
have a hair tie it makes the process a
lot easier
alright guys I'll talk to you soon peace